Initial Support docs (#1639)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/support/faq.rst

==========================
Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

What are the recommended specifications for running a nucypher node?
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Worker nodes need to run ``nucypher`` and a local ethereum node. In total, you will
require at 4GB for RAM. Nodes also need 24/7 uptime and a static, public IPv4 address.

For ``nucypher`` specific requirements, see `System Requirements and Dependencies <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/installation_guide.html#system-requirements-and-dependencies/>`_.

What is the network name for Incentivized Testnet?
--------------------------------------------------

The network name is ``cassandra``.

How long is a period?
---------------------

1 period equals 24 hours. Periods begin at midnight UTC.

> What's the difference between staker address and worker address? Can they be the same?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can my Staker and Worker address be the same?
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technically, yes, but it is not recommended. The accounts have different security considerations - the staker address

> can be a high-value hardware wallet (with NU and ETH) that performs stake management while the worker

Reviewer 2: Some participants – in CASI and on mainnet – won't own high-value hardware wallets. I assume we don't want to limit our staker pool to those that do. So this FAQ might prompt another: 'what is the recommended set-up for my NU stake if I don't have the capital and/or expertise to run a YubiHSM?'

> can be a high-value hardware wallet (staker with NU and ETH) that performs stake management while the worker

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
can be a high-value hardware wallet (with NU and ETH) that performs stake management while the worker
```

address is low-value and needs to remain unlocked while running (software wallet with ETH) since it
is used by an Ursula node.

You should stake with one address and set the worker to be a different address. Subsequently, you can bond
the worker address to the stake.

Is there a guide for Windows?
-----------------------------

Our guide is intended for Linux - we do not officially support Windows.

Where is my Ursula config path?
-------------------------------

> On Linux - ``$HOME/.local/share/nucypher/ursula.json``

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu/Debian - ``$HOME/.local/share/nucypher/ursula.json``
```

only need the Standard Installation

How do I know that my node is set up correctly?
-----------------------------------------------

This is **ONLY** a heuristic to ensure that your node is running correctly, it doesn't guarantee your node is setup correctly: 

    #. Ensure that your Ursula node is up and running (logs/terminal):

       .. code::

            Starting Ursula on xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:9151
            Connecting to cassandra
            Working ~ Keep Ursula Online!

    #. Ensure that your node uses the correct IP address and can be accessed via port 9151 from an outside
       connection eg. cell phone, other computer etc. by navigating to: ``https://<node_ip>:9151/status``

    #. Ensure that your worker is bonded with your staker - ``nucypher stake list`` and check that
       *Worker* is set correctly i.e. not ``0x0000``.

    #. Ensure that your node is listed on the `Status Monitor Page <https://status.nucypher.network>`_ (this can take a few mins).

       If your node is on the status monitor page but:

        a. Does not have a green dot, you should ensure that your Ursula node can confirm activity (hint: does your worker address have ETH to pay gas?).

>            Try locally running ``nucypher ursula confirm-activity``

Reviewer 5: Should we be emphasizing this command?

Reviewer 3: No, we shouldn't as it will be discontinued any time soon.

Author: Would you rather this entire point (a) be removed then?

>         b. Has a *Last Seen* value of ``No Connection to Node`` then there may be connectivity issues with your

Reviewer: Let's remove this line altogether and not feed the bears.

           node - redo the check in step #2.

What's the best way to run Ursula in the background?
----------------------------------------------------

Either through `Docker <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/ursula_configuration_guide.html#running-an-ursula-with-docker>`_
or `systemd <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/installation_guide.html#systemd-service-installation>`_.

When installing on Docker, what do I input for <NETWORK NAME>?
---------------------------------------------------------------

For the *“Come and Stake It”* incentivized testnet, the network name is ``cassandra``.

How can I check my current staking rewards?
-------------------------------------------

Run::

    nucypher status stakers
    >    --provider <your_geth_provider>
    >    --network cassandra
    >    --staking-address <your_staker_address>``

> It takes two periods to observe rewards - if you deposit in period 0 and start a worker in the same period

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that a minimum of two periods must elapse before rewards will be delivered to your wallet. For example, say we are in Period 5 when you start staking:
Period 5: You deposit stake and initiate a worker
Period 5: Your worker calls ``confirmActivity()`` in order to receive work for the next period
Period 6: Your worker successfully performs the work 
Period 7: Your worker receives rewards for the work completed in the previous period
```

#. Run ``nucypher ursula init`` per the `Ursula Configuration Guide <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/ursula_configuration_guide.html>`_.

What is a fleet state?
----------------------

A symbol which represents your node's view of the network. It is just a
graphic checksum, so a minor change in the fleet (e.g., a new node joins, a node disappears, etc.)
will produce a completely different fleet state symbol. A node can have a
different fleet state than others, which may indicate that a different number of peers are accessible from
that node's global position, network configuration, etc..

Why do I get `NET::ERR_CERT_INVALID` when loading the Ursula node status page?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The status page uses a self-signed certificate, but browsers don’t like it.
You can usually proceed to the page anyway. If not, try using a different browser.

This all seems too complex for me, can I still participate in some way?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

> We highly recommend delegating to a staking company rather than doing it yourself, if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We highly recommend delegating to an experienced staker rather than doing it yourself, if
```

Maybe not 'staking company' since that signals that we favour institutional stakers over smaller but competent operators

> We highly recommend delegating to a staking company rather than doing it yourself, if

Reviewer: I don't know how much I agree with the gravitas of this sentiment.

==========================
Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

> What is the recommended specifications for running a nucypher?

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
What are the recommended specifications for running a nucypher node?
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------

> Worker nodes need to run ``nucypher`` and a local ethereum node, currently on the Goerli network. In total, you will

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Worker nodes need to run ``nucypher`` and a local ethereum node. In total, you will
```
maybe we just remove the Goerli reference to keep this evergreen?

> require at 4GB for RAM. Nodes also need 24/7 uptime and a static, public IPv4 address.

Reviewer 6: Will 4GB still be the requirement for a mainnet geth node?

Reviewer 5: Only if it's light. The real, "full full" node would require, like, 16-32 GB...
Light sync fairly easily on mainnet though

Author: I could remove the sentence `In total, you will require at 4GB for RAM.` and leave the link to our specs. 

Perhaps that section of the docs should be updated? - https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/installation_guide.html#system-requirements-and-dependencies

Reviewer 4: I have been having issues with 4GB.  It is barely enough.  Sometimes I need to restart Beth to get it to let go of some RAM or I can’t get past the Scrypt.

For ``nucypher`` specific requirements, see `System Requirements and Dependencies <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/installation_guide.html#system-requirements-and-dependencies/>`_.

What is the network name for Incentivized Testnet?
--------------------------------------------------

The network name is ``cassandra``.

How long is a period?
---------------------

1 period equals 24 hours. Periods begin at midnight UTC time.

What's the difference between staker address and worker address? Can they be the same?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technically, yes, but it is not recommended. The accounts have different security considerations - the staker address can be a high-value hardware wallet
(staker with NU) that performs stake management while the worker is low-value and needs to remain

> unlocked while running (software wallet) since it used by an Ursula node.

Reviewer 7: "since it used" -> "since it is used"

> You should stake with one address and set the worker to be a different address Subsequently, you can bond

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
You should stake with one address and set the worker to be a different address. Subsequently, you can bond
```

> You should stake with one address and set the worker to be a different address Subsequently, you can bond

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You should stake with one address and set the worker to be a different address. Subsequently, you can bond
```
Also, perhaps mention that both need ETH and only the staker needs NU.

Author: ✔️

the worker address to the stake.

Is there a guide for Windows?
-----------------------------

Our guide is intended for Linux - we do not officially support Windows.

Where is my Ursula config path?
-------------------------------

> On Linux - ``$HOME/.local/share/nucypher/ursula.json``

Reviewer 3: Is this true for all linux?

What is the difference between Standard Installation and Development Installation?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Development Installation is only needed for developing with ``nucypher``. You don't need to use
it unless you plan to make changes to the codebase. If you are simply staking/running a node, you
only need the Standard Installation

> How do I know that my node is setup correctly?

Reviewer 7: I may be wrong, but I was under the impression that "setup" is a noun, and "set up" is a verb. Need a native speaker's opinion :)

----------------------------------------------

> This is **ONLY** a heuristic to ensure that your node is running correctly:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
This is **ONLY** a heuristic to ensure that your node is running correctly, it doesn't guarantee your node is setup correctly: 
```

    #. Ensure that your Ursula node is up and running (logs/terminal):

       .. code::

            Starting Ursula on xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:9151
            Connecting to cassandra
            Working ~ Keep Ursula Online!

>     #. Ensure that your node uses the correct IP address can be accessed via port 9151 from an outside

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
    #. Ensure that your node uses the correct IP address and can be accessed via port 9151 from an outside
```

       connection eg. cell phone, other computer etc. by navigating to: ``https://<node_ip>:9151/status``

    #. Ensure that your worker is bonded with your staker - ``nucypher stake list`` and check that
       Worker is set correctly i.e. not ``0x0000``.

    #. Ensure that your node is listed on the `Status Monitor Page <https://status.nucypher.network>`_ (this can take a few mins).

       If your node is on the status monitor page but:

>         a. Does not have a green dot, you should ensure that your Ursula node can confirm activity.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        a. Does not have a green dot, you should ensure that your Ursula node can confirm activity (hint: does your worker address have ETH to pay gas?).
```

    >    --network cassandra
    >    --staking-address <your_staker_address>``

It takes two periods to observe rewards - if you deposit in period 0 and start a worker in the same period
(which calls ``confirmActivity()`` to receive work for the next period (1)), then in period 1 the Ursula
node does work and will get rewarded in period 2 for the work performed in period 1.

.. note::

    `Restaking <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/architecture/sub_stakes.html#re-staking>`_ is enabled by
    default, and so NU inflation rewards are automatically restaked for you, and will be reflected in
    the ``Staked`` value of the above command.

How can I observe the settings (re-staking, winding down) for my stake?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Run::

    nucypher status stakers
    >    --provider <your_geth_provider>
    >    --network cassandra
    >    --staking-address <your_staker_address>``

Can I extend the duration of my existing stake?
--------------------------------------------------------------

Yes, via the `prolong <https://docs.nucypher.com/en/latest/guides/staking_guide.html#prolong>`_ command.

> Why is the duration/enactment of my stake longer than the value I used during setup?

Reviewer 6: imo we really should just change the way this is displayed. An increasing duration is too confusing.
